Now in this last demo,
we're going to show how to create a service with Athena or a data lake with Athena,
where we're going to have all our data in S3,
and we want to query this data in a scalable way without
even creating an EMR cluster or any EC2 machines.
But per query, we're going to run our code on serverless AWS Lambda resources.
So the first thing is to go and,
actually this is post work if I can delete,
and I go and say "Create table," from an S3 bucket data,
and I can also say actually from a glue crawler,
and I will go to the option of glue crawler.
This will take us through the Amazon glue service.
This one actually we can say,
I'm going to call it MyDataLakeCrawler, and click "Next."
So this is S3 and it's in my account.
If this was a public account,
if someone else's account,
even if it's public, you will not be able to list it.
So it's better to have this data in your accounts.
So, I have my data here for pagila in this bucket.
Next, do you need any other data?
No, I don't. It's going to ask for a role.
Actually, you can say MyDataLakeRole,
and it creates that for you,
and the frequency is run on demand.
But you can also schedule this to be updated periodically.
So it will run on demand when we click it,
and the crawlers output is going to be into a new database,
and I will add a new database and call it,
actually I'm going to call this pagila because this is the pagila database.
Do I want to add a prefix to this table?
No, I don't. So, seems like everything is correct.
I finish this.
With that, I created a crawler.
Glue basically is an ETL tool that goes and creates crawlers and takes the data.
In fact, all the schemas and avails that to us for us to query.
Let's see how that works.
I'll click that crawler and start running MyCrawler.
This is a post Crawler of mine.
So, we are now working with MyDataLakeCrawler that you've just seen,
and it's now running.
Is same starting, and after a while, it will be ready.
It actually doesn't take much,
it takes about one minute.
When the crawler finishes,
this is going to take about one time,
we can actually go and take a look here at the tables.
You will see that you have all the tables here.
Take care that actually you have to put
each CSV file in its old folder for it to be named correctly like that.
Now, we actually, maybe we can also go and open here,
and we will see that we have a schema inference exactly like a Spark.
Also the payment date is a string,
but we know we can deal with this.